let's start by saying that this is a highly
requested video which is
always very confusing about what stuff
to buy and how to invest your
money so if this video is useful to you
in the meantime Share it with all the people
who have this doubt who are
disoriented in the choice if you
you like these types of videos and if they are useful to you,
subscribe to the channel.
Activate the bell and give a nice
support like so that I can continue
to make videos like these, this
review, which are always really
useful. I always watch them myself
so let's get started.  immediately because this
differentiation because then you will be able to
select and get straight to the point about
what you really need if you
need a very powerful robot for example
you will select two of these if you need
a robot that has a non-stick jug
because that is your purpose
you will select  one Absolutely only
one that comes with it if for
example you have little space in the kitchen you
will reserve the possibility of choosing
the smaller one and so on
with all the features that
we will now see in detail and therefore if for
example you are vegan vegetarian and you want
make the powder and flour of the cereals
you will choose the most powerful one after having
done the review of the Bimby tm6 the
review of the blindetec Mambo touch and the
review of the Messiah closed in which you
see here in a virtual way
let's make a comparison between these three
robots which are three excellent  robot But which
have three slightly
different uses based on the needs that
each of us has. Why Because a
kitchen robot can be complete, it can be
multifunctional but sometimes the
characteristics it presents do not
always suit all people and
therefore every  robot has
different characteristics which
we will now see and compare so that you can
absolutely have clear ideas and
choose which robot
meets your needs. I'll give you an
example if I love cooking and I love
cooking my recipes very much I
won't be interested in  thousands of
recipes that perhaps offer these
types of robots. If instead I am a
person who does not know how to cook, has no
imagination, does not have the ability to create, it will be useful, that will be
an aspect that interests me very much and
so now today we will compare
these three robots which in my opinion at the
moment  they are the best on the market let
's start immediately with the first thing
that everyone, absolutely
everyone, evaluates because in any case the thing that
has the greatest impact on our wallet is the
price based on the price but then
we have to evaluate many things and
therefore I tell you that the Thermomix  tm6 costs
1,399 the Mambo touch It has two possibilities
with A jug costs 349 with two jugs
so the non-stick one also costs
399 the closed Messiah Smart costs
499 So we have three different price ranges already
overcome this obstacle because for
many it is the first thing to overcome
Let's see all the features
compared to these robots and I'll give you the
first example: the size. Which is the most
cumbersome so if you have more or less
space in the kitchen the Messiah closed is the
most cumbersome of all in second
place is the Thermomix  third place is the
Mambo touch because as you can see it is only
21 cm wide by 41 or 40
deep and this is another selection
because if you have a lot of space on the top that
you want to allocate to one of the three you are free
to choose if instead  you have very little
space maybe you will be more oriented towards
this let's talk about the accessories
supplied all three are supplied with
the steamer therefore the
double-deck steamer all three absolutely
solid functional perfect all three
have the internal basket and the Bimby has
the basket with lid  therefore the
possibility of opening and closing it a
little more comfortably all three have
the butterfly so for purées the
softer preparations to give
softness and all three are supplied with a
silicone spatula the Mambo
Touch has the possibility of having two
mugs  two jugs but with only one
knife group so when you
want to use the second jug which
is coated in ceramic and is
non-stick inside you have to dismantle the
block.
If instead you want to be more comfortable, buy
another knife group separately and
mount it directly in the  'another jug
Why Because the knife group can be disassembled
with a click But now we
get there because this possibility of
extracting the knives with a click because It
can be replaced with the spoon that
mixes the spoon which is intended for
risottos and doughs which the others  two do
not therefore have
the need to change the
knife group and therefore based on this
information if you necessarily
need the non-stick jug
the only one that supplies it is the Mambo touch
because the other two only have the
steel jug  we are talking about Power
1500 1600 1000 So if you are
interested in preparations that
require maximum power You
will stop at these two because the Messi is
closed and stops at 1000 watts I am
obviously talking about the Turbo function So
if you have small children and want to make
baby food  and you need to make
preparations that for example
powerfully chop the flours if you are vegan if
you are Italian who want to make flours at
home they two are more powerful so
they will be able to chop the rice and
make it become rice powder more
easily Maybe with the Massi it is closed
you can do it anyway but you have to stay longer
and maybe it overheats more
let's go to the most
obvious features all three have
dedicated apps so all three can
be managed and you can consult
choose and make the robot speak
from the dedicated app all three  they have a
screen a color display the display
of the Bimby is 6.8 inches the display of the
Mambo is 5 inches and the display of the but it
is closed in eight inches precisely because
the Messiah is closed in it occupies a
larger space and therefore has dedicated  a
larger space for the jug display the
capacity of the jugs is a
2 liter jug ​​and two the Mambo for the
3 liter jug ​​and 3 ilmessi is closed
to the 4 and a half liter jug ​​So
based on your needs and
requirements if  this is your
primary need you will orient yourself towards a
larger or smaller jug ​​if you are single
this will be enough if you are a large
family perhaps you need a
larger jug ​​of a larger jug
maximum temperature the
maximum temperature reached by
Mambo 120 degrees  but you are closed in 130
degrees children 160 because the Bimby
in the latest version has the high
temperature function what is high temperature
the one that allows you to sear
things as if you were sautéing them in a
pan So all the preparations for
example  some vegetables sautéed here without
water with their own oil are
sautéed in an excellent way all the
vegetables are wonderful and I eat
huge quantities of them so
you prefer this type of food
and you need this function the
Thermomix allows it for the other two no
let's talk about  features that they
all have, all three have the scale
integrated with the tare so you will no
longer have to use your kitchen scale
but then directly weigh both
inside and perhaps above the
jug on the lid with a plate.
In short, as you prefer you can weigh
infinite  times because there is the tare then
all three have the possibility of
creating the shopping list and therefore
once you choose an ingredient or
choose what you have to cook during
the week
the shopping list is automatically created
so when you go  At the supermarket
you can't go wrong and get all the
ingredients you need.
All three have this. Let's move on to the
functions that are exclusive to
one or the other. First of all, the Mambo has
a function that I've never seen in
any other robot.  which is the
calorific power, the calorific power simulates
the gas flames. So if you
automatically, however, in the
preset recipes, the calorific power is already
pre-set in the manual recipes,
however, you can decide whether you
want to make that recipe on a high heat or on a
low heat and this many  Sometimes you make the
difference because you can simmer
something on a low heat or
simmer it on a high heat. For example, the function for
editing and inserting new
recipes only has it for children and
Messi and Chiusin. So you can decide
from the computer by connecting to the website.  you
can register you can do it both from your computer and
from your mobile phone, enter your recipe
from scratch and then you find it in
your robot and then enter it. You have
personalized recipes, the same goes
for the existing recipes because for
example if you want to make a dessert with less
sugar you change the  quantity of
sugar and you find it modified
So how can I say one
more customization, one thing that only
the Thermomix has, for example, is the egg cooking function
that I told you about when we
talked about the tm6 which is a function that
may seem really stupid But  which to
me I don't say it turned out but
many times I made eggs I
forgot them in the saucepan or
I couldn't set the timer to the
right time It depends if the eggs are
small they are bigger by how much water
you put in In short it depends on many things here
instead it can  choose to cook them soft-boiled
barzot which would be the
soft inside is the hard white or if
you cook them hard-boiled or very hard-boiled you add
water and eggs and it does everything another
exclusive function of the Thermomix is ​​that
in the chopping function it gives you different
chances  gives different
possibilities and therefore you can say
the element you are chopping for example
the chocolate and he tells you how you want it
thin thin like powder into
small pieces or
roughly chopped this for the
chocolate as well as for many other
ingredients If you go to the
chopping function and this is if you are perhaps
particularly inclined to make
pastry things and you need the chocolate
in different sizes you can also do it
manually But this is an
added convenience The other function is suitable for
portions because Because you can choose
whether one  recipe that was designed for
four portions do you want to make it for two do
you want to make it for 6 or do you want to make it for 8
This is a function that they are
slowly updating for all the recipes that
are inside the Thermomix and this is
a real  convenience because every time I
found myself doing the proportions if
for 500 grams of rice I have to put a certain amount
of water for 700 grams of rice How much
water do I have to put and every time I did
the proportions my mathematics is much
improved But he does it for you
a  'another function that only the
Thermomix has is only Mexico and the
sous vide cooking the sous vide cooking
allows you to preserve a food for
example a vacuum packed salmon fillet
keep it in the fridge and it prolongs the
preservation because the vacuum
in any case prolongs the preservation
Then in the bag  same You
cook it maybe inside the bag
you put a marinade you put something that
makes the ingredient
you are preserving very appetizing And then you cook it
directly inside the bag inside
the jug but it's closed and the children
have it Mambo Not
once  that I have illustrated to you I think
all the features have the Turbo function
and therefore I think I have illustrated all
the features now I'll tell you in my
opinion Obviously
what are the impressions of all
three of the robot I
'll tell you which one is the most intuitive
In my opinion the most intuitive is the Bimby because
in any case you quickly find everything and the
functions quickly with one click everything is
done and you don't get lost in complicated things
the other two are always intuitive but
I think the Bimby is more so On the
other hand to have  such a high price
must have something more, we
have to admit this, we are talking about recipes,
it is a delicate topic because this
depends on whether you need to have a
large, huge choice of recipes,
here there are 9,000 of this quantity of
recipes, they were not able to  to
quantify it because I haven't found it
in any data. Sure, but write to me in the
comments if you know more or if
it's written somewhere. I haven't
been able to find why. Because they
update continuously so they don't
put a number.  I'm precise, therefore, 9000
recipes, all in Italian. Il me si è
Closin has 600 and they are all in
Italian. Mambo, on the other hand, is an unquantified number
because it is
constantly updated. I must say, however, that here I
found some recipes that were a bit confusing
because sometimes they are not translated.  sometimes
they are in Spanish Because blind is
a Spanish company they promised me
that they are working on it and that
they will improve this side which in my
opinion is the only Achilles heel
So if you don't know how to cook or
you always want variety or you want to have
everything  the recipes you are looking for all
all all all children it is the best
choice if you are satisfied with 600 recipes
but it is closed in a very good choice
However, consider that if you have already tried
a Thermomix you will not be satisfied with the 600
recipes of the month cuisine because if you have
Having seen my recent video of the
review of the month of Chiusin, I had to
return it because the robot and the app were not
communicating so
the recipes were not transferred to me and
I found, having already used the
Thermomix, a bit of a lack of recipes. In the
sense that if I was looking for recipes  which I
was used to making with the Thermomix. I couldn't
find them easily. Maybe it's because by now I'm
used to these, this variety and
this abundance of recipes but from
this point of view I think that the
Thermomix is ​​excellent. These two still
have to specialize. They have to
work a lot.  on the translation
on the language it is like this instead it must over
time Considering that these two are
new robots while children has a
history of
perhaps thirty years we can excuse
this this how to say this lack
of recipes this What does it mean that if
you want to make your own personal recipes and
not  you need to have a source of
important recipes these two robots are
perfect if instead you want to be
creative you want to change every day you want
to have all this inspiration of
abundant recipes Bimby is a choice of
excellence another side with to be
considered very important that Bimby
has a  physical assistance too So
you can find physical assistance in the shops
where you can buy spare parts where
they can where you can deliver the robot
and they will give it back to you fixed in assistance
out of assistance however
physical assistance while these two have
virtual assistance so you will have to
send the  robot so you will have to
contact assistance via you do not have a
direct contact this
is basically the difference in price because
assistance to a company costs a lot
especially if physical and therefore how to
say it charges another
different thing is that the Bimby requires  of
an annual subscription so to have
the recipes inside you have to pay an
annual subscription for children Mambo and Messi
and Chiusin no the recipes are
updated
periodically and perhaps this is also a
reason why this side is lacking
just because it is not subsidized So
anyway maybe  it is a little slower
and therefore given all the characteristics,
given all the potential and given
all the differences, I think I have done
a truly objective analysis of the three
robots, you can now choose based on
your needs based on what you
need based on  what is most
important and priority for you are
the recipes as priority and the quantity
and size of the jug as priority and
the size as priority and the price as priority.
In short, now you have all the
useful information that will take you in the
right direction in your choice if you have been
useful give a thumbs up and share
the video with your friends, as always, I
thank you for being with me
until the end and we'll see you in the
next video